Why don't you even give me face?
General save me
They kneel
Do you have to kill them all?
you
Who is going?
Yang Fan, how dare you kill the real mountain people?
The new army is about to kill him
Yang Fan
In terms of seniority, you have to call me Senior Crimson Flame
Even if your master Nangong comes here
You have to call me brother
Don't give me more seniority here
I'll tell you what.
The three immortals must die today
Son of Heaven, he must kneel for me
Oops, that's nothing to talk about
You didn't want to talk about it at first.
ancestor
Kill him and fight him
Yes, kill him!
When he dies, the world will be at peace
Taiping Kyushu has such a dim ruler
You tell me how to be peaceful
Yang Fan, you are too arrogant
Today I will teach you a lesson on behalf of your master
Let you know what is beyond human beings
Really? Do you have the qualifications?